com/example/kidi2/MyAdapter2.java
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter2
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter2$1
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter2$MyViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/RVitemPerLeader.java
 com.example.kidi2.RVitemPerLeader
com/example/kidi2/CustomCheckbox.java
 com.example.kidi2.CustomCheckbox
com/example/kidi2/MyAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/Course2.java
 com.example.kidi2.Course2
com/example/kidi2/RetrofitAPI.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetrofitAPI
com/example/kidi2/QuantityListener.java
 com.example.kidi2.QuantityListener
com/example/kidi2/DataModelKid.java
 com.example.kidi2.DataModelKid
com/example/kidi2/RVitem3.java
 com.example.kidi2.RVitem3
com/example/kidi2/AdminMainActivity.java
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$2
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$3
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$3$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$4
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$5
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$5$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$6
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$6$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$6$2
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$6$3
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$6$3$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$6$4
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$7
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$7$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$7$2
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$7$3
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$7$3$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$7$4
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$8
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$8$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$8$2
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$8$3
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$8$3$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminMainActivity$8$4
com/example/kidi2/LeadersAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.LeadersAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.LeadersAdapter$1
 com.example.kidi2.LeadersAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/RecyclerItemClickListener.java
 com.example.kidi2.RecyclerItemClickListener
 com.example.kidi2.RecyclerItemClickListener$1
 com.example.kidi2.RecyclerItemClickListener$OnItemClickListener
com/example/kidi2/RetrofitAPILoginScreen.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetrofitAPILoginScreen
com/example/kidi2/AdminSetCourse.java
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$1$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$2
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$2$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$2$1$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$2$2
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$2$3
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$3
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$4
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$4$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$5
com/example/kidi2/ParentGrp2.java
 com.example.kidi2.ParentGrp2
com/example/kidi2/LeaderAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.LeaderAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.LeaderAdapter$1
 com.example.kidi2.LeaderAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/RvAdapter_grp6.java
 com.example.kidi2.RvAdapter_grp6
 com.example.kidi2.RvAdapter_grp6$MyViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/DialogAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.DialogAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.DialogAdapter$1
 com.example.kidi2.DialogAdapter$2
 com.example.kidi2.DialogAdapter$3
com/example/kidi2/CustomBarChartRender.java
 com.example.kidi2.CustomBarChartRender
com/example/kidi2/NotificationsAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.NotificationsAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.NotificationsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/MyAdapter3.java
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter3
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter3$MyViewHolder3
com/example/kidi2/NotificationItem.java
 com.example.kidi2.NotificationItem
com/example/kidi2/ThirdParentRegActivity.java
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdParentRegActivity
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdParentRegActivity$1
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdParentRegActivity$2
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdParentRegActivity$3
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdParentRegActivity$4
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdParentRegActivity$5
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdParentRegActivity$6
com/example/kidi2/LeaderFirstLoginActivity.java
 com.example.kidi2.LeaderFirstLoginActivity
 com.example.kidi2.LeaderFirstLoginActivity$1
com/example/kidi2/AlgorithmAdapter_grp6.java
 com.example.kidi2.AlgorithmAdapter_grp6
com/example/kidi2/VPAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.VPAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.VPAdapter$1
 com.example.kidi2.VPAdapter$2
 com.example.kidi2.VPAdapter$3
 com.example.kidi2.VPAdapter$4
 com.example.kidi2.VPAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/FirstScreen.java
 com.example.kidi2.FirstScreen
 com.example.kidi2.FirstScreen$1
 com.example.kidi2.FirstScreen$2
 com.example.kidi2.FirstScreen$3
 com.example.kidi2.FirstScreen$4
 com.example.kidi2.FirstScreen$5
com/example/kidi2/recyclerAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.recyclerAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.recyclerAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/Course4.java
 com.example.kidi2.Course4
com/example/kidi2/MeetingParticipant.java
 com.example.kidi2.MeetingParticipant
com/example/kidi2/ParentAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.ParentAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.ParentAdapter$1
 com.example.kidi2.ParentAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/SimpleDividerItemDecoration.java
 com.example.kidi2.SimpleDividerItemDecoration
com/example/kidi2/Course1.java
 com.example.kidi2.Course1
com/example/kidi2/algorithm_spinner.java
 com.example.kidi2.algorithm_spinner
com/example/kidi2/SliderAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.SliderAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.SliderAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/RvAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.RvAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.RvAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/Leader.java
 com.example.kidi2.Leader
com/example/kidi2/SliderTransformer.java
 com.example.kidi2.SliderTransformer
com/example/kidi2/LinksActivity.java
 com.example.kidi2.LinksActivity
 com.example.kidi2.LinksActivity$1
 com.example.kidi2.LinksActivity$2
com/example/kidi2/RetrofitAPIAdminMain.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetrofitAPIAdminMain
com/example/kidi2/RVitem1.java
 com.example.kidi2.RVitem1
com/example/kidi2/AlgorithmItem.java
 com.example.kidi2.AlgorithmItem
com/example/kidi2/MainActivity.java
 com.example.kidi2.MainActivity
 com.example.kidi2.MainActivity$1
com/example/kidi2/UserFragment.java
 com.example.kidi2.UserFragment
com/example/kidi2/VPAdapter2.java
 com.example.kidi2.VPAdapter2
 com.example.kidi2.VPAdapter2$1
 com.example.kidi2.VPAdapter2$ViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/AddKidActivity.java
 com.example.kidi2.AddKidActivity
 com.example.kidi2.AddKidActivity$1
 com.example.kidi2.AddKidActivity$2
 com.example.kidi2.AddKidActivity$3
 com.example.kidi2.AddKidActivity$4
 com.example.kidi2.AddKidActivity$5
 com.example.kidi2.AddKidActivity$6
com/example/kidi2/ForthParentReg.java
 com.example.kidi2.ForthParentReg
 com.example.kidi2.ForthParentReg$1
com/example/kidi2/PrivacyPolicy.java
 com.example.kidi2.PrivacyPolicy
 com.example.kidi2.PrivacyPolicy$1
com/example/kidi2/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.kidi2.HomeFragment
com/example/kidi2/ChatAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.ChatAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.ChatAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/ChatItem.java
 com.example.kidi2.ChatItem
com/example/kidi2/Kid.java
 com.example.kidi2.Kid
com/example/kidi2/KidGrp2.java
 com.example.kidi2.KidGrp2
com/example/kidi2/Category.java
 com.example.kidi2.Category
com/example/kidi2/Leaders.java
 com.example.kidi2.Leaders
com/example/kidi2/RetroFitAPI3.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetroFitAPI3
com/example/kidi2/User.java
 com.example.kidi2.User
com/example/kidi2/MainActivityGrp2.java
 com.example.kidi2.MainActivityGrp2
 com.example.kidi2.MainActivityGrp2$1
com/example/kidi2/DataKid.java
 com.example.kidi2.DataKid
com/example/kidi2/LogInScreenActivity.java
 com.example.kidi2.LogInScreenActivity
 com.example.kidi2.LogInScreenActivity$1
 com.example.kidi2.LogInScreenActivity$2
com/example/kidi2/KidiOnItemSelectedListener.java
 com.example.kidi2.KidiOnItemSelectedListener
com/example/kidi2/RetrofitAPI6.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetrofitAPI6
com/example/kidi2/ChatLeader.java
 com.example.kidi2.ChatLeader
 com.example.kidi2.ChatLeader$1
 com.example.kidi2.ChatLeader$2
com/example/kidi2/RetrofitAPIGrp2AdminLeader.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetrofitAPIGrp2AdminLeader
com/example/kidi2/MyAdapterParentProfile.java
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapterParentProfile
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapterParentProfile$1
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapterParentProfile$MyViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/CustomPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.CustomPagerAdapter
com/example/kidi2/AdapterRV.java
 com.example.kidi2.AdapterRV
com/example/kidi2/ViewPagerItem.java
 com.example.kidi2.ViewPagerItem
com/example/kidi2/Gender.java
 com.example.kidi2.Gender
com/example/kidi2/RetrofitAPIAdminSetLeader.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetrofitAPIAdminSetLeader
com/example/kidi2/Address.java
 com.example.kidi2.Address
com/example/kidi2/KidCheckBox.java
 com.example.kidi2.KidCheckBox
com/example/kidi2/HomeLogin.java
 com.example.kidi2.HomeLogin
 com.example.kidi2.HomeLogin$1
 com.example.kidi2.HomeLogin$2
 com.example.kidi2.HomeLogin$3
 com.example.kidi2.HomeLogin$4
 com.example.kidi2.HomeLogin$5
 com.example.kidi2.HomeLogin$6
 com.example.kidi2.HomeLogin$6$1
 com.example.kidi2.HomeLogin$7
com/example/kidi2/RetroFitAPIForthParent.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetroFitAPIForthParent
com/example/kidi2/Course_Addactivity.java
 com.example.kidi2.Course_Addactivity
com/example/kidi2/MoreFragment.java
 com.example.kidi2.MoreFragment
com/example/kidi2/AdminSetUser.java
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetUser
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetUser$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetUser$2
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetUser$2$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetUser$3
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetUser$4
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetUser$5
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetUser$6
com/example/kidi2/TermsOfService.java
 com.example.kidi2.TermsOfService
 com.example.kidi2.TermsOfService$1
com/example/kidi2/RetrofitAPIAdminSetUser.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetrofitAPIAdminSetUser
com/example/kidi2/Admin.java
 com.example.kidi2.Admin
com/example/kidi2/AdminAddCourse.java
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse$2
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse$3
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse$4
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse$5
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse$5$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse$6
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse$7
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse$7$1
com/example/kidi2/AdminAddLeader.java
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddLeader
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddLeader$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddLeader$2
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddLeader$3
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddLeader$4
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddLeader$4$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddLeader$5
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddLeader$6
com/example/kidi2/LogInInfo.java
 com.example.kidi2.LogInInfo
com/example/kidi2/DataModelParent.java
 com.example.kidi2.DataModelParent
com/example/kidi2/Course.java
 com.example.kidi2.Course
com/example/kidi2/DataModel.java
 com.example.kidi2.DataModel
com/example/kidi2/FirstParentReg.java
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg$1
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg$2
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg$3
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg$4
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg$5
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg$6
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg$7
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg$8
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg$9
com/example/kidi2/RetrofitAPIThirdParentReg.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetrofitAPIThirdParentReg
com/example/kidi2/ThirdScreen.java
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdScreen
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdScreen$1
com/example/kidi2/webViewBrowser.java
 com.example.kidi2.webViewBrowser
com/example/kidi2/LeadersFragment.java
 com.example.kidi2.LeadersFragment
com/example/kidi2/AdminUpdateCourse.java
 com.example.kidi2.AdminUpdateCourse
 com.example.kidi2.AdminUpdateCourse$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminUpdateCourse$2
 com.example.kidi2.AdminUpdateCourse$3
 com.example.kidi2.AdminUpdateCourse$4
 com.example.kidi2.AdminUpdateCourse$5
 com.example.kidi2.AdminUpdateCourse$5$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminUpdateCourse$6
 com.example.kidi2.AdminUpdateCourse$7
com/example/kidi2/ModelObject.java
 com.example.kidi2.ModelObject
com/example/kidi2/StateVO.java
 com.example.kidi2.StateVO
com/example/kidi2/AdminSetLeader.java
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetLeader
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetLeader$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetLeader$2
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetLeader$2$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetLeader$3
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetLeader$4
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetLeader$4$1
com/example/kidi2/KidName.java
 com.example.kidi2.KidName
 com.example.kidi2.KidName$1
 com.example.kidi2.KidName$1$1
 com.example.kidi2.KidName$2
 com.example.kidi2.KidName$3
 com.example.kidi2.KidName$4
 com.example.kidi2.KidName$5
 com.example.kidi2.KidName$6
com/example/kidi2/LeaderPerCourse.java
 com.example.kidi2.LeaderPerCourse
 com.example.kidi2.LeaderPerCourse$1
 com.example.kidi2.LeaderPerCourse$1$1
 com.example.kidi2.LeaderPerCourse$1$1$1
 com.example.kidi2.LeaderPerCourse$2
com/example/kidi2/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.kidi2.BuildConfig
com/example/kidi2/Activity.java
 com.example.kidi2.Activity
 com.example.kidi2.Activity$1
 com.example.kidi2.Activity$1$1
 com.example.kidi2.Activity$2
 com.example.kidi2.Activity$3
 com.example.kidi2.Activity$4
 com.example.kidi2.Activity$5
 com.example.kidi2.Activity$6
com/example/kidi2/MyAdapterPerLeader.java
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapterPerLeader
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapterPerLeader$MyViewHolder4
com/example/kidi2/FirstParentRegReal.java
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentRegReal
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentRegReal$1
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentRegReal$1$1
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentRegReal$2
com/example/kidi2/Addactivity.java
 com.example.kidi2.Addactivity
 com.example.kidi2.Addactivity$1
 com.example.kidi2.Addactivity$1$1
 com.example.kidi2.Addactivity$2
 com.example.kidi2.Addactivity$3
 com.example.kidi2.Addactivity$4
 com.example.kidi2.Addactivity$5
 com.example.kidi2.Addactivity$6
com/example/kidi2/ParentProfileActivity.java
 com.example.kidi2.ParentProfileActivity
 com.example.kidi2.ParentProfileActivity$1
 com.example.kidi2.ParentProfileActivity$2
 com.example.kidi2.ParentProfileActivity$3
com/example/kidi2/Status.java
 com.example.kidi2.Status
com/example/kidi2/RetrofitAPI4.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetrofitAPI4
com/example/kidi2/AdminAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAdapter$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/RetroFitAPI2.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetroFitAPI2
com/example/kidi2/DataModelCourse.java
 com.example.kidi2.DataModelCourse
com/example/kidi2/CoursesFragment.java
 com.example.kidi2.CoursesFragment
com/example/kidi2/Parent.java
 com.example.kidi2.Parent
com/example/kidi2/AlgorithmAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.AlgorithmAdapter
com/example/kidi2/RetrofitAPIParentProfile.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetrofitAPIParentProfile
com/example/kidi2/AlgorithmItem_grp6.java
 com.example.kidi2.AlgorithmItem_grp6
com/example/kidi2/Meeting.java
 com.example.kidi2.Meeting
com/example/kidi2/RVitem.java
 com.example.kidi2.RVitem
com/example/kidi2/MySingletone.java
 com.example.kidi2.MySingletone
com/example/kidi2/Notifications.java
 com.example.kidi2.Notifications
 com.example.kidi2.Notifications$1
 com.example.kidi2.Notifications$2
 com.example.kidi2.Notifications$3
 com.example.kidi2.Notifications$4
com/example/kidi2/Day.java
 com.example.kidi2.Day
com/example/kidi2/MyAdapter1.java
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter1
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter1$MyViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/MyAdapter4.java
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter4
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter4$1
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter4$ViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/QuantityAapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.QuantityAapter
 com.example.kidi2.QuantityAapter$1
 com.example.kidi2.QuantityAapter$viewHolder
